[FIX] README broken link (#56)
benchopt/template_benchmark: README.rst

	$ benchopt run #BENCHMARK_NAME -s solver1 -d dataset2 --max-runs 10 --n-repetitions 10

> Use ``benchopt run -h`` for more details about these options, or visit https://benchopt.github.io/get_started.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ``benchopt run -h`` for more details about these options, or visit `tge CLI reference page <https://benchopt.github.io/stable/user_guide/CLI_ref.html#benchopt-run>`_.
```
